Web Content October 21, 2014-10-20

Delivering your munchy fix
The Rolling Tomato
Late Night Vegan Snacks
It`s never too late to eat great.

3 Points:

1. We want to feed you
Late night food choices can be limited.  Vegan food is delicious, satisfying and different and we offer creative, homemade snacks so you can feel guilt-free about eating late


2. 5 Dollars is Enough
We believe fast food is not the only price savvy option to eat. A truth about vegan food: It is cheap to make! Unfortunately, restaurants are expensive to maintain. We found the solution to this equation and are passing the savings to our customers. 

3. Munchies Rolling your way
Don’t look for great food, call for it. Our bike delivery system strives to be speedy as well as ecological. So you can satisfy your hunger and we can help combat climate change.







Menu
Minimum order is $5.00
Our goal is to feed you so if you can provide your own utensils and napkins that would be appreciated.

Sandwiches- $5.00

Avocado Bahn-Mi-  Sesame and tamari marinated tofu, avocado, cilantro, red onion, shredded carrot and cabbage and garlic aioli mayo in a French roll *nut-free
Spicy Chick Pea from the Sea- Imitation tuna salad with chick peas, celery, pickles, cabbage and carrots and our spicy mayo served on thick sliced brown bread *nut-free
The Alfresco- Maple dill marinated tofu with country potato salad and smoked paprika mayo on a French roll *nut-free
Hummus Club- 3 tier sandwich with roasted red pepper and garlic hummus, cucumbers, tomatoes and pickles *soy, nut free

Coming Soon:  Stuffed Burritos and Thai wraps and falafels!

Casse-Croutes- 

Hummus Dip- Our roasted red pepper and garlic hummus with veggies $4.00 *soy, nut and gluten free
Nachos and Nutcheez- a nutritional yeast nacho cheese with corn chips $4.00 *soy, nut and gluten free
Potato Salad- dill, celery and green onions and smoked paprika mayo    $4.00 *nut and gluten-free
Samosas- We picked the best on this side of Montreal, served with hot sauce 2 for $3.00 *soy-free
Onion Bajjis- Served with plum sauce 3 for $3.00 *soy and gluten-free
Falafel Bites- from the best falafel shop in town, Restaurant Nilufar served with garlic mayo 3 for $3.00 *gluten and soy-free


Mini Bouffe
Chips- Corn nacho chips, Plantain chips, Sunchips or kettle cooked   $2.00
Nutty mixes- Sweet cashews and peanuts with chocolate chips $ 3.00 
		Roasted and salted cashews, peanuts and pumpkin seeds $2.00

Drinks- Filtered coffee	$2.00
Tea- ask for our selection, you will need your own water and cup	$2.00
Coconut water	$2.00
Juice- ask for our selection of organic juice	$2.00
Soymilk- Organic chocolate or unsweetened	$2.00
Protein Powder- you will need your own cup and liquid	$3.00
Coming soon: Fresh pressed juice and kombucha!

Dam Good Desserts- Homemade by our in house baker Christina
Chunky Brownie	$3.00 *nut-free
Giant Cookies- ask for our selection	$3.00
Coming soon- Vegan Ice Cream!! WHAT!?

Would you like to have us cater your event? Ask for prices per person, and we can make your order with one day advance notice. 
Love us so much you want to stock up? We can make your meals in advance and with more customisation. We suggest three days of meals only to keep products at their best. One day in advance to place a large bulk order of this kind. Ask us for more details. 


About us-
Our idea stemmed from our own personal experiences, when looking for late night eats in the west of Montreal, we found French fries and falafel. We are not against those, but we also saw this as an opportunity to create a new market for vegan food. We want to promote veganism because it is not only healthy for you and the planet, but it is not expensive. So you can afford to eat great, even late!\
Colleen Risbey is the owner and an innovator who mashed up vegan late night eats on a bike delivery system. With her passion to feed people and to be eco-conscious The Rolling Tomato has sprouted from seed to your door. 

F.A.Q
Is everything Vegan? YES! Even the mayo!
How do I order? Call our number and we will take your address and order and be on our way
You are on a bike, How does this affect delivery service? We are testing this out and will be challenged in the winter because it is cold, but we have confidence that biking will be just as fast as driving. We also assure you that your food will not be compromised; we wrap all of our food nice and snug and have in place ways to keep our food from bumping around.
Why can’t I make substitutions? We prepare all of our food during the day and is packaged ready to go. Picture us as more of a canteen versus a restaurant where you can pick pre made items and enjoy them fast. 
Do you have Gluten-free options? Yes we do! Our Gluten free items are mentioned
Do you have Soy-free options- Yes! We labelled the items that are soy free
Do you have nut-free options- yes, and many of our items are made with no contact with nuts, but again please be cautious for your safety we cannot guarantee a nut free environment as we do sell items with nuts. 

Summary-
The Rolling Tomato is a Delivery service that has prepared items from local restaurants and chefs in the West Montreal area. We strive for superb products and affordable prices all to contribute to a better future for all of us. 






	
